# Determine-the-Diabetes-Disease-with-Neural-Network
# Executive Summary  ## About the Dataset      * I used Pima Indian Diabetes dataset from Kaggle.      * There are 768 people data and 9 characteristics which is one of them classification column.   ## Data Preprocessing      * There are no missing values.      * I used Min-Max Scaler to prevent the biased results.      * I splitted data 20% test 80% train.      * Also, I used Shuffle True, while dividing data.   ## Build the Model      * I built a neural network by using Tensorflow and Keras.     * I used Sequential API while building my model.     * At the begining of my analysis I implement three layers with one hidden layer.      * I used 15 perceptron the first layer and hidden layer.      * I defined 1 output layer.      * I stated ReLu activation function on the input and hidden layer, and sigmoid activation function on the output layer.      * I used Adam as a optimizer and, Binary Crossentropy for loss, and accuracy metric. I used 1000 epoch and 57 batch size.  ## Evaluate the Model     * Unfortunately, my model caused over-fitting.      * The model had a high accuracy on the train dataset, however had a low accuracy on the test dataset.     * Firstly, To prevent the overfitting, I decrease epoch size from 1000 to 500. But it couldn't work.     * Secondly, I decrease batch size  from 57 to 16. I reached the same result.     * Thirdly, I added Dropout Layer with 0.2 dropout rate.     * Finally, I can reach reliable and aceptable model acuracy both of them (train, test dataset) which train accuracy was 0.79 and test accuracy was .77.     * I added the plot of the train and test loss and accuracy at the end of the project.
